Key mapping capabilities for terminal in Shortcuts prefs (#973)
mucommander/mucommander: package/readme.txt

- Google Drive: present files shared with the authorized user in the 'Shared with me' folder.
- Google Drive: present trashed files in the 'Trash' folder.
- Google Drive: documents, spreadsheets and presentations are shown and can be downloaded in their corresponding OpenDocument format (odt, ods, and odp).

> - The terminal's key bindings can be reconfigured in Shortcut Preferences

Reviewer: how about"
```suggestion
- The terminal's keyboard shortcuts can be configured using the Shortcut Preferences dialog
```
